---
layout: post
title: Week 13
---


###Open Source Humanitarian
* I choose to look this article named ["Hackathons bring open source innovation to humanitarian aid"](https://opensource.com/life/16/6/openhack-hackathons-for-humanitarian-aid). 
* I agree with the article's point that hackathons would be a great way to bring organizations and people together and raise awareness about humanitarian problems. Hackathon participants who choose to work on on-site open source projects may be inspired to continue contributing to those open source projects. Hackathons also tell people that open source projects are a very accessible and easy way to help those in need, especially since people can contribute to open source projects anywhere. 

### Response to Tom Callaway's blog post
* Tom Callaway has a very interesting thought on the open core model, which he believes is in a "half-pregnant" state. Companies seem to have two point of views toward open source. On one hand, they believe that there is value in open source, which is why some companies use open source. On the other hand, companies see it as "cheap foundation for their offerings", which doesn't really benefit open source on the long term. 
* I agree with Tom Callaway when he says that proprietary software requires that your profits are invested in a linear model and that open source software gain additional benefits from users and partners. This goes back to the point that the more eyes there are on a project, the more likely it is to catch bugs and the more room there is for development. 

### Response to [8 advantages of using open source in the enterprise.](https://enterprisersproject.com/article/2015/1/top-advantages-open-source-offers-over-proprietary-solutions)
* I agree that open source projects have the benefit of agility because more people working on one project is much faster than one person or one group of people working on the same project.
* The ability to start small is very powerful. There are very successful people out there, like Linus, who started Linux as a hobby but then Linux grew.
* I believe that open source is a good investment for the future because it introduces many benefits that will accelerate a project.

#### Would you want to work in a company that only produced open source software? Why or why not? What would your dream job be? How would you like to see the business of software production in ten years?
* I would work in a company that only produce open source software because I believe that open source software has tremendous potential. As more companies choose to work with open source, such as System76, people would be able to take open source software in all sorts of directions that perhaps aren't even discovered yet. 
* I am unsure about what my dream job is at this point. I am currently aiming to become a software engineer but I'm not sure what I will do on the long run. Ideally, I want to have a job that makes me happy, have lasting impact on the world, and make the world a better place. 
* I'm not too certain about I would like to see the business of software production in ten years. It would be nice, however, if more companies choose to become open source because it would allow users to get a better sense of a companies vision and have a better idea of what work would be like in different companies.
