---
layout: post
title: Week 2
---

## Suitable Choices For My First Contribution To An Open Source Project
1. Write an email expressing your appreciation for the programs you use
  * Personally I find this to be the easiest way I can contribute to an open source project because I've used many programs before, such as Python's Pandas library and Python's Pillow library. Those libraries saved me a ton of time because they make data organization and working with images so much easier. Python is much more beginner friendly than the other programming languages because of its many libraries which many other languages do not support, thanks to the fact that Python is an open source project.
2. Help write good documentation
  * Writing good documentation is a bit harder than writing an email of appreciation because I would have to thoroughly understand what the code is saying before I can explain the code to others. I also have to explain in such a way that other people can understand, which may be difficult everyone is at a programming level. However, given enough time, I think I will be able to pull this off. 
  * I've also been trained to include comments throughout my homeworks and projects for my coding class, which is a plus.
3. Help other people learn how to use the program
  * Given that I know a programming language or open source project well enough, helping others learn to use the program is relatively easy. 
  * Python is one example of an open source project that I am familar with. Having two years of experience, I'm confident that I am able to help some students taking CSCI 127 Introduction to Computer Science. (Unfortunately, I'm not a tutor due to spacing issues).
 4. Send the programmers some money
  * This is arguably the easiest way to contribute to an open source project.
  * It's also the right thing to do, given that the user uses the open source project frequently.

## Projects that interest me and how I see my relationship to them
1. Python
 * Python was my first programming language and I use it greatly even today. I am extremely grateful for all the libraries that Python has, which makes my life so much easier.
2. Visual Studio Code
 * This is one of the programming editors that I've used. I like it because I don't have to alt-tab or split screen to run a line of code (like in IDLE). 
 *  However, I now switched to sublime for most of my coding. 
3. React-Native
 * I've started learning React lately as part of my Web Development Udemy Course. I'm not too familiar with it yet so I am don't have much of an opinion.

