---
layout: post
title: Week 3
---

# What I've learned About Open Source 
__Week 3 Article link:__ https://www.techrepublic.com/blog/10-things/10-things-you-should-know-about-open-source-before-you-use-it/

## 1. Open source isn't always free
  * In class I learned that Open Source Software was once called "Free Software" but that name was misleading because it was ambiguous whether free meant free of charge or free as in anyone has access to it. I learned that it was the latter. 
  * I learned from this week's article that open source companies tend to make a community version that is free and that users may purchase additional features or add-ons if they wish. One specific example is Zimbre, which offers a free open source version of their product in addition to purchasable editions. 
## 2. It may or may not have support
  * Previously, I find it hard to imagine that Open Source Softwares have customer support because it is hard for any specific person to keep track of all the information that everyone around the world has contributed to. I also find it hard to imagine ownership of open source softwares, since everyone can contribute to it. 
  * I learned that some open source softwares have forums and mailing lists which people can contact for support. I suppose this isn't too surprising because I often use Stack Overflow when I run into a bug while programming in python or using a python library. 
## 3. You have access to the source code
  * Before registering for this class, I didn't know much about open source software and that there are softwares out there whose source code is entirely online.
  * Now that I do know everyone has access to the source code, I could use this knowledge to my benefit. For example, if there is a feature that I want to replicate or modify and incorporate into a project, I can just look up the source code of an open source project. 
## 4. Open source is not just for programmers
  * This isn't surprising because in my object-oriented programming courses, I learned to separate interface from implementation. A user does not have to understand the implementation details in order to use a program. The same should apply for open source softwares and any other devices or embedded systems like cars, printers, cell phones, etc. 
## 5. Most open source software is as reliable as its proprietary counterpart. 
  * I find this to be kind of surprising because given the fact that anyone can modify any open source projects at any time, I expect there to also be trolls out there (like an immature 10 year old child, for example), who would contribute inaccurate data. 
  * In middle school and high school I was told that I shouldn't use wikipedia as a source because anyone can modify it. I guess that was reasonable since not every contributer to wikipedia are experts at a certain subject. 
## 6. Freeware and shareware are not the same as open source
  * Before I enrolled in this course, I was unfamiliar with the terms freeware and shareware, although I probably encountered products of such sort. 
  * I learned about freeware and shareware in class.
  * I learned from this article that if some part of a freeshare or shareware isn't publicly available, then that software isn't open source.
## 7. You're probably already using it
  * This part is true. I used open source softwares such as notepad++ because I was aware that it was an open source software.
