---
layout: post
title: Week 7
---

### Project Evaluation reflection:

For the class activity project evaluation, I chose to evaluate [Hub](https://github.com/github/hub). For the at home activity, I chose to evaluate [Python Flask](https://github.com/pallets/flask).
The hard part of the these projects is finding the number of lines each project contains. I couldn't find it anywhere on the website so my partner Shakil had to use terminal commands: `$ wc **/*`. Other than that, everything else was easy to find. These projects gave me a good sense of how active and welcoming the community is. I learned that there are both pros and cons to each of the project I evaluated. For instance, Hub's maintainers give outstanding comments and feedback to the community, as shown in the pull requests and issues. However, there isn't much documentation in the source code. On the other hand, there isn't much helpful feedback in the issues and pull requests for Python Flask, but Flask has really good documentation. Since issues are not triaged, finding an issue to work on isn't necessarily easy. While these projects are interesting, they each have their limitations towards a beginner like me. I think I will continue looking for projects.

I find the project evaluation activity to be very helpful and I will take into account the questions asked in the activity as I continue searching for more projects.


### Summary of Course Related Activities:
This past week, I've completed the [project evaluation activity](https://github.com/hunter-college-ossd-fall-2019/project-evaluation-activity-01) in class and outside of class. I also started learning about frameworks and I chose to work with Python Flask. Conviently, Python Flask is open source. This led me to decide that I shall evaluate Python Flask. 
