---
layout: post
title: Week 4
---


# Git Group Activity Class Experience And Article Impressions

### Comment on your experience with the Git activity that you did in class today. Was it useful? Was it confusing? Did you have time to finish? Did you have merge conflicts? Were you able to resolve them?

I believe that the Git activity I did in class today was useful because it gave me an idea of what would happen during an actual open   source project. The fact that we did not necessarily know who our teammates were simulates the real world situation. 

The class activity was also confusing because I did not have much experience with bash. However, Shakil Rafi is the most awesome person in the world and helped me clear up confusions when I was unsure what to do.   

Fortunately, I did have time to finish because I had a lot of assistance.   

I had multiple instances of merge conflicts. When I had my first merge conflict, I had to resolve it manually. However, when I tried to push what I resolved, someone else in my team also pushed at the same and I had to resolve a second conflict manually. In the end, I was able to resolve my conflicts (thankfully I could have at most 3 conflicts at a given time since I have four team members). 

### What are your reactions to the above on-line readings. Pick one or two that made an impression on you and articulate your thoughts about them.

I am grateful for "7 Things That Make a Great Open Source Contribution" because it showed me a lot of clear-cut ways to contribute to an open source project. I find tip 1, "a single, limited idea, clearly communicated" and tip 2, "well-documented and summarized" to be very useful because those tips explained why it was necessary to communicate clear, limited ideas and well-documented code. The article showed the reader's perspective in that the more limited a patch is, the easier it is for readers to see how specifically the code is impacting the entire project. 

I also find "A Beginner's Very Bumpy Journey Through The World of Open Source" to be very useful because I am a beginner and I learned many things to do and not to do. I learned that in order to understand a project to contribute to it, I shouldn't be afraid to ask questions. However, I also learned that I shouldn't fall into the common pitfall of asking questions that are already answered elsewhere. This article also gave me confidence that even though I do not know too much about open source software, I can still contribute to it. 
