---
layout: post
title: Week 6
---

### Summary of Course Related Activities:

### Projects I've looked at
1. [facebook/react](https://github.com/facebook/react)
	* I am interested in contributing to React because it is technology that I plan on using in the future. After an online bootcamp on HTML and Javascript, I want to continue developing my web skills and take advantage of tools such as React that makes web designing much easier.
	* _Still looks good to me_
	* Pros
		* Since this project has a MIT license, there is a ton of freedom regarding its usage.
		* Since there is a Contributing.md, this project welcomes contributers.
		* Since the last commit was two hours ago as of this writing, this project is very active.
		* There are plenty of issues (currently 627) to be fixed.
		* Many issues do not stay open for very long (within a few days).
	* Cons
		* Could be difficult to make code contributions due to large project size and complexity.
		* Already well-established- not as much to work on as new projects. 
		* I haven't used React as of this writing.

2. [Angular/Angular](https://github.com/angular/angular)
	* I'm interested in contributing to Angular because I plan on using Angular (or some other technology) to build web applications. 
	* _Still looks good to me_
	* Pros
		* Has contributing.md which encourages contributers.
		* Welcomes people to contribute to issues via [hotlist: community-help](https://github.com/angular/angular/labels/hotlist%3A%20community-help)
		* Many issues do not stay open for very long.
		There are plenty of issues (currently 2754) open. 
	* Cons
		* Could be difficult to make code contributions due to large project size and complexity.
		* I haven't used Angular as of this writing.
3. [Pandas](https://github.com/pandas-dev/pandas)
	* Although Pandas can be useful, I'm more interested in React and Angular as of now.
	* Pros
		* 3154 open issues as of this writing.
		* I've used Pandas in the past.
		* Quick response time.
		* Large community. 
		* I'm familiar with Python.
	* Cons
		* Could be difficult to make code contributions due to large project size and complexity.
		* I'm not too sure if/when will I use Pandas in the future.
4. [Matplotlib](https://github.com/matplotlib/matplotlib)
	* Although matplotlib can be useful, I'm more interested in React and Angular as of now.
	* Pros
		* 1196 open issues as of this writing.
		* I've used matplotlib in the past.
		* Quick response time.
		* Large community.
		* I'm familiar with Python.
	* Cons	
		* Could be difficult to make code contributions due to large project size and complexity.

### Comments On Talk By Karen Sandler
I found Karen's talk on the fibrillator to be very interesting. I've never thought about how medical devices such as fibrillators actually run. I only thought about devices from the user's perspective. Knowing Karen's statistic that there is approximately one line of bug in every one hundred lines of code, I can see the importance of having the source code of devices to be open source. Since it is extremely difficult to take into account every single situation and edge case, it should be reasonable for users to be able to access the source code and perhaps contribute by locating or fixing bugs. 

I also found Professor Weiss' argument that ballots and elections should also be open source because there is no way for people to know whether voting is fair or not. It would make sense for these software to be open source so that those companies implementing the software don't rig the election. 



