---
layout: post
title: Week 9
---

### Impressions on Eric Raymond's [**The Cathedral and the Bazaar**](http://www.catb.org/~esr/writings/cathedral-bazaar/cathedral-bazaar/ar01s02.html).
1. Every good work of software starts by scratching a developer's personal itch. 
	* I absolutely agree with this statement because the best way to figure out how to improve a piece of software would be if the developer is a frequent user of that software. In that sense, the developer would both a consumer and producer; he would know exactly what feels "right" and "wrong" and he would know how to improve a software. 

2. Good programmers know what to write. Great ones know what to rewrite (and reuse).
	* I also agree with this statement because I find myself using libraries a lot. If there are efficient sorting algorithms already written, I should use it rather than write my own. This applies to open source software as well, both in terms of using and rewriting. 
	* I find it quite interesting that Linus Torvards reused code and ideas from Minix when writing Linux. It comes to show the importance of reusing code. 

3. ''Plan to throw one away; you will, anyhow.'' (Fred Brooks, The Mythical Man-Month, Chapter 11)
	* I'm not too sure what to think of this statement. I guess it would make sense that if a solution doesn't solve the problem, we should write a new solution.

4. I have to say, I really like Linus Torvald's quote: "I'm basically a very lazy person who likes to get credit for things other people actually do."

5. Release early and often
	* I think this point is super important, especially after seeing how successful Linux has become. 
	* It does minimize duplication of work. 
6. Brooks's Law predicts that the complexity and communication costs of a project rise with the square of the number of developers, while work done only rises linearly.
	* This is the first time I've heard of Brook's Law, and I find it to be very interesting. This gives me the impression that more developers isn't necessarily better, and that there is a range of numbers of developers that optimizes workflow.
7. Smart data structures and dumb code works a lot better than the other way around.
	* This is something I think would be useful to keep in mind. 

8. Often, the most striking and innovative solutions come from realizing that your concept of the problem was wrong.
	* This is also something I think would be useful to keep in mind.

9. To solve an interesting problem, start by finding a problem that is interesting to you.

The three most interesting concepts from this book learning to reuse and rewrite code, implementing a feature based off of a personal itch, and use smart data structures. I can see myself using applying these concepts when I code. Reusing and rewriting code would allow me to focus my time on improving existing code rather than writing existing code. Implementing a feature based off of a personal itch is something I plan to keep in mind as I look for projects I want to work on in the future. I plan on spending more time analyzing and planning out what is the best data structure for a project.

### OpenSource NY project
* According to the [README](https://github.com/opensource-ny/OpenSource-NY) on its website, OpenSource NY tracks contributions made by a participant and ranks participants using a leaderboard ranking system. 
* I would like to work on this project because this project is relatively new so there are many features that I can improve in this project. 
* The issue that I plan on working on is documentation. This can be found [here](https://github.com/opensource-ny/OpenSource-NY/issues/85).

### Summary of Course Related Activities
* I made two contributions to Open Street Map by adding a store and a pharmacy near where I live. 
